# My Hunter


## Story

As the United States just got involved in a war with all their rivals to spread their beloved and universal freedom,
you get enlisted in the military to fight against the communist scumbags.
The colonel is your superior, from the moment you get into the army to the moment you leave it (good enough rank
acquired, freedom spread, or you get killed), you will have to follow his orders.

Each level is located in a different country which historically got tensions with the US (mexico, vietnam, china...).

The center of the storyline is the relation you have with the colonel, as you pass levels, the colonel is less and less 
satirical, and reveals to you his true point of view on war, what he did (horrible things) and what he believes is the future.

In the end, on your last mission, your regiment gets surrounded by the enemy and in a last reflexion, the colonel reveals
he doesn't truly believe in America's ideals, mainly military ones, and to save you sacrifices himself.


## Gameplay:

You shoot things !

### Enemies 
As you progress in the game, various enemies gets into your way, they start to shoot back at you, and gain in pattern 
complexity. At some point in the game, allies get into your sight, be careful not to shoot them !

### Weapons(*)
As you pass levels, you gain new weapons, these new weapons only make you more and more powerful, able to destroy things
for example. Nothing fancy here, no inventory, as you get a new weapon it becomes your only one.

### Levels
Nothing special for levels, they only are a nice background or give a different ambiance to the game. Some elements can be 
destructible, but nothing crazy (*).

### Ranks(*)
As you progress in the game, you can earn ranks, getting you deeper and deeper into the military.


## Visuals:
Pixel art, inspired by 16 bits era. Generated by AI for some, reworked by me.


## Boring features:
- Saves
- Assets move in a 16 bits fashion
- The window is resizeable

(*) == if time left
